Identify products:
Take a deep breath and take your time on the following task: On this picture there are several items from a German grocery supermarket. I want you to identify every single item and return them to me in the form of a json. Make sure that you count every single item and that you do not only return the name of the item but alsl its quantity. In the end of this promt you will find a list with current items I have identified in previous pictures. If there are items that are the same or similiar (such as milk in the previous list and half and half milk in the current picture) add the more specialized items to the generalized list and return both the old list and all new items you identified. E.g. old_list[product1: 10, product2: 3, product3: 5] and the new list you identified new_list[product1: 2, product4: 3: product5: 1] equal the list output_list[product1: 12, product2: 3, product3: 5, product4: 3: product5: 1]. Return only the out_list and no further text in the form of a json string. No additional line breaks, only a json string. The old list was an example and should NOT be included in the output_list.

Identify receipt:
Take a deep break and take your time on the following task: On this picture there is a receipt from a German grocery store. I want you to identify every item and its quantity as well as the date the purchase was made on. Respond only with the items, the quntity and the date in the format of a json string without any line breaks or other things. In the end of this promt you will find a list with current items I have identified in previous pictures. If there are items that are the same or similiar (such as milk in the previous list and half and half milk in the current picture) add the more specialized items to the generalized list and return both the old list and all new items you identified. E.g. old_list[product1: 10, product2: 3, product3: 5] and the new list you identified new_list[product1: 2, product4: 3: product5: 1] equal the list output_list[product1: 12, product2: 3, product3: 5, product4: 3: product5: 1]. Return only the out_list and no further text in the form of a json string. No additional line breaks, only a json string. The old list was an example and should NOT be included in the output_list.